Paper Paladin - Gameplay Cheat Sheet:

Enemies:
1. Vines: Defeat it using the Slash move. It deals no damage, has only 1 HP, and can be defeated in 1 turn.
2. Book-Worm: Defeat them using the Slash move. They deal 1 damage, has 2 HP, and can be defeated in 2 turns.
3. Security Trooper: Defeat them using the Slash move. Although they deal 2 damage, they have a Charge modifier, meaning they have a cooldown of 1 move for each attack. They also have 2 HP and can be defeated in 2 turns.
4. Cowboy: Defeat him using the Slash and Stim moves. Although he has a Charge modifier, the Cowboy has 3 HP and deals 2 damage per attack, meaning you're going to have to use the Stim move to heal yourself after he first attacks you to comfortably survive. That way, you'll have enough health to outlast him and use a series of Slash moves to defeat him.
5. Sword Squirrel: Defeat them optimally using the Slash and Jab moves. The Sword Squirrel has no cooldown, has 3 HP, and deals 2 damage per attack, meaning you're going to have to stun him to defeat him as he'll quickly defeat you. As such, it's optimal to stun him, then attack him using a series of your Slash moves.
6. Cow-Boy: Defeat them using the Strike move. Cow-Boy has 1 HP though is mostly invulnerable to attacks other than Strike as it breaks its shield and deals 1 damage. As such, you should be able to defeat it in one turn using the Strike move.
7. Thermal Airsniper: Defeat them using the Bolt move. The Airsniper deals 20 damage and although it has 1 HP, it can only be effectively harmed using aerial attacks. As such, you'll have to use the Bolt move to defeat it.
8. Sheriff: Defeat them optimally using Jab and a series of Slash moves. The Sheriff is similar to the Cowboy: he has 3 HP and deals 1 damage, though deals damage before you rather than after, meaning that you'll have to more thoroughly plan out your moves before attacking. As such, it's optimal to use the Jab move at the beginning of the battle to stun him and then hit him using the Slash move 3 times. 
9. G.O.O.S.E Landship: Defeat them optimally using the Railgun and a series of Slash moves. Although it has 5 HP, the GOOSE Landship deals 1 damage and is an armoured enemy, meaning that while it can block most of your attacks, it's very vulnerable to the Railgun, of which deals 3 damage to armoured targets. As such, it's optimal to use the Railgun and hit it using the Slash move 2 times.

